Mention main novelties at the end of the introduction (#91)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

The intuition behind this is to create new topic models, which describe the data in a different way using topics that are influenced by metadata.
For example, if the metadata describes something about geographic locations, location-specific topics will be generated, which could be useful in many cases.
The metadata, within the Nordjyske dataset, includes author information, as well as higher-level categorical information, which will be described in \autoref{sec:dataset}.

> These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and a locking mechanism for the \gls{pam} used for taxonomy metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using \gls{pam} on an existing hierarchy (taxonomy metadata) by applying a locking mechanism.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These categorical metadata are the basis for the novelties in this paper, which is our category-topic model that makes a topic distribution for each category in the dataset and using \gls{pam} on an existing metadata hierarchy (taxonomy) by applying a locking mechanism.
```
